Smail - Terms of Use
1 About these terms

1.1 These terms apply to your download, access and/or use of Smail, whether on your computer, on a mobile device, on our website www.smail.rocks (the "Website") or any other website, device or platform (each an "App" and together the "Apps"). These terms also apply to any other services that we may provide in relation to the Apps or the Website, such as customer support, social media, community channels (we refer to all our Apps and other services collectively as the "Services" in these terms). These terms are a legal agreement and contain important information about your rights and obligations in relation to our Services.

1.2 If you do not agree to these terms or any future updated version of them then you must not access and/or use, and must cease all access and/or use of, any of our Services. If we require that any future update to these terms requires any action from you in order to accept the updated terms, then you may not be able to continue to use the Services until you have taken such action.

1.3 These terms represent a legal agreement between you and Smail.

1.4 In these terms references to "Smail", "we", "us" and "our" are references to Smail.

1.5 These terms are made available via the app store or platform that you download our App from (such as the Apple App Store, Google Play Store), on any website or platform where you can access our Services such as our website www.smail.rocks (the “Website"). You agree that by accessing and/or using our Services, you are agreeing to these terms and our Privacy Policy (see paragraph 13 below).

1.6 For our Services, you agree that you are at least 13 years old and that if you are between 13 years and 18 years old, your legal guardian has reviewed and agrees to these terms and is happy for you to access and/or use our Services. Royal Charm Slots is intended for an adult audience only.

1.7 You can access the latest version of these terms at any time at www.smail.rocks/terms-and-conditions.  We can make changes to these terms at any time in accordance with paragraph 17 below and, except in relation to any amendment to paragraph 21 (Binding Arbitration and Class Action waiver) below, your continued use of our Services after the terms have been updated shall confirm your acceptance of the updated terms.

2 About accessing and using our Services

2.1 You are responsible for the internet connection and/or mobile charges that you may incur for accessing and/or using our Services. You should ask your mobile operator or internet service provider if you are unsure what these charges will be, before you access and/or use our Services.

2.2 There may be times when our Services or any part of them are not available for technical or maintenance related reasons, whether on a scheduled or unscheduled basis.

3 Accounts

3.1 When using our Services you may choose to, and in some instances you will be required to, create an account with us. If you do create an account with us, you agree that you shall take all steps necessary to protect your log in details and keep them secret.

3.2 You agree that you shall not give your log in details to anyone else or allow anyone else to use your log in details or account.

3.3 In these terms, references to “log in details" or “account" include your log in details and account for any social network or platform that you may allow our Services to interact with.

3.4 We will be entitled to assume that anyone logging into your account using your log in details is either you or someone logging in with your permission. If you fail to keep your login details secret, or if you share your login details or account with someone else (whether intentionally or unintentionally), you accept full responsibility for the consequences of this (including any unauthorized purchases) and agree to fully compensate us for any losses or harm that may result.

3.5 We will not be responsible to you for any loss that you suffer as a result of an unauthorised person accessing your account and/or using our Services and we accept no responsibility for any losses or harm resulting from its unauthorised use, whether fraudulently or otherwise.

3.6 YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU SHALL HAVE NO OWNERSHIP OR OTHER PROPERTY INTEREST IN ANY ACCOUNT THAT YOU CREATE USING ANY OF OUR SERVICES. WE MAY SUSPEND, TERMINATE, MODIFY OR DELETE ANY OF THESE ACCOUNTS AT ANY TIME FOR ANY REASON OR NO REASON, WITH OR WITHOUT NOTICE TO YOU.

3.7 Your account is personal to you and you are not entitled to transfer your account to any other person.

4 Paid services

4.1 Our Services require you subscribe to be able to use them fully. You agree that your subscription is not transferrable to anyone else and you will not transfer or attempt to transfer your subscription to anyone else.

4.2 You can revoke your subscription to our Services at any time through your platform provider (typically Google Play Store or Apple App Store). We thus adhere to their terms and conditions as well. In particular, if you cancel your subscription you will still have access to the service until the end of the billing period. If you are unsure about any of the details, we refer you to their Terms and Conditions page.

4.3 The data associated with your subscription is stored and managed by your platform provider (typically Google Play Store or Apple App Store). This allows you to transfer your subscription when you change phone. 

4.4 The receipt associated with your subscription will be provided by your platform provider.

4.5 We reserve the right to control, regulate, change or remove the Subscription offer without any liability to you. We will in any case inform you through e-mail and through our Site to allow you enough time to accept the new Terms and Conditions or terminate your Subscription.

5 User conduct and content

5.1 You must comply with the laws that apply to you in the location that you access our Services from. If any laws applicable to you restrict or prohibit you from using our Services, you must comply with those legal restrictions or, if applicable, stop accessing and/or using our Services.

5.2 You promise that all the information you provide to us on accessing and/or using our Services is and shall remain true, accurate and complete at all times.

5.3 Information, data, software, sound, photographs, graphics, video, tags, or other materials may be sent, uploaded, communicated, transmitted or otherwise made available via our Services by you or another user (“Content"). You understand and agree that all Content that you may be sent when using our Services, whether publicly posted or privately sent, is the sole responsibility of the person that sent the Content. This means that you, not us, are entirely responsible for all Content that you may upload, communicate, transmit or otherwise make available via our Services.

5.4 You agree not to upload, communicate, transmit or otherwise make available any Content:
that is or could reasonably be viewed as unlawful, harmful, harassing, defamatory, libellous, obscene or otherwise objectionable;
that is or could reasonably be viewed as invasive of another's privacy;
that is likely to, or could reasonably be viewed as likely to incite violence or racial or ethnic hatred;
which you do not have a right to make available lawfully (such as inside information, information which belongs to someone else or confidential information);
which infringes any intellectual property right or other proprietary right of others;
which contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment.


5.5 You agree that you will not:
use our Services to harm anyone or to cause offence to or harass any person;
create more than one account per platform to access our Services;
use another person or entity’s email address in order to sign up to use our Services;
use our Services for fraudulent or abusive purposes (including, without limitation, by using our Services to impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person, entity or our Services);
disguise, anonymise or hide your IP address or the source of any Content that you may upload;
use our Services for any commercial or business purpose or for the benefit of any third party or to send unsolicited communications;
remove or amend any proprietary notices or other ownership information from our Services;
interfere with or disrupt our Services or servers or networks that provide our Services;
attempt to decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble or hack any of our Services, or to defeat or overcome any of our encryption technologies or security measures or data transmitted, processed or stored by us;
'harvest', 'scrape' or collect any information about or regarding other people that use our Services, including, but not limited to any personal data or information (including by uploading anything that collects information including but not limited to 'pixel tags' cookies, graphics interchange formats ('gifs') or similar items that are sometimes also referred to as 'spyware' or 'pcms' (passive collection mechanisms);
sell, transfer or try to sell or transfer an account with us or any part of an account;
disobey any requirements or regulations of any network connected to our Services;
use our Services in violation of any applicable law or regulation;
use our Services to cheat or design or assist in cheating (for example, by using automated means or third party software to play), or to otherwise circumvent technological measures designed to control access to, or elements of, our Services, or to do anything else that a reasonable person is likely to believe is not within the spirit of fair use or these terms; or use our Services in any other way not permitted by these terms.
If you are concerned that someone else is not complying with any part of these terms, please contact us here: smail.app.rocks@rocks.com.


7 Your breach of these terms

7.1 Without limiting any other remedies or any other paragraph of these terms, if we reasonably believe that you are in material breach of these terms (including by repeated minor breaches), we reserve the right to take any of the following actions, whether individually or in combination, and either with or without notice to you:
delete, suspend and/or modify your account or parts of your account;
otherwise suspend and/or terminate your access to our Services;
modify and/or remove any Subscription that may be associated with your account;
Without limitation, any breaches described sections 4 and 5 are likely to be considered material breaches.

7.2 You agree to compensate us, according to law, for all losses, harm, claims and expenses that may arise from any breach of these terms by you.

8 Availability of the Services

8(A) Subject to the next sentence, we do not guarantee that any of our Services will be available or error-free at all times or at any given time. We will provide our Services in accordance with any legally required standards. In particular, in relation only to any Subscription or any other part of our Services which have been paid-for with real money, we warrant that they will substantially comply with the description provided by it at the point of purchase and be of satisfactory quality (in addition any related services provided through them will be provided with reasonable care and skill). We may change and update our Services in whole or in part without notice to you (provided always that any such changes do not result in material degradation in the functionality of any part of the Services which has been paid-for with real money). We make no warranty or representation regarding the availability of the Services which are provided free of charge (i.e. not paid-for with real money) and we reserve the right to modify or discontinue them in our sole discretion without notice to you, including for example, for economic reasons due to a limited number of users continuing to make use of them over time, for technical reasons (such as technical difficulties experienced by us or on the internet) or to allow us to improve user experience. We are not liable or responsible for any failure to perform, or delay in performance of, any of our obligations that is caused by events outside our reasonable control. If such circumstances result in material degradation in the functionality of the Services then any obligation you may have to make any payment to download, use or access them will be suspended for the duration of such period. We are entitled to modify or discontinue the Services or any part of them which are paid-for with real money in our sole discretion upon reasonable notice to you.

10. Responsibilities


10.1 We are not responsible for:
losses or harm not caused by our breach of these terms or negligence;
losses or harm which are not reasonably foreseeable by you and us at the time of you agreeing to these terms and conditions including those losses which happen as a side effect of foreseeable losses. This could include loss of data, loss of opportunity, service interruption, computer or other device failure or financial loss;
any damage that may be caused to any device on which you access or use any of our Services that is caused in any way by our Services unless that damage is directly caused by our failure to exercise reasonable skill and care in the provision of the applicable Services;
any increase in loss or damage resulting from breach by you of any of these terms and conditions; or
technical failures or the lack of availability of any of our Services where these are not within our reasonable control.
10.3 For any losses or harm in any period of twelve months, we will only be responsible for losses or harm which are a reasonably foreseeable consequence of our negligence or breach of these terms and conditions up to the value of the amount that you have paid to us in the 100 day period ending on the date of your claim. Losses and harm are foreseeable only where they could be contemplated by you and us at the time of you agreeing to these terms and conditions.

10.2 Subject to paragraph 10.5 below and unless otherwise specified in these Terms, we do not give any warranty, express or implied, in relation to our Services and you acknowledge that your only right with respect to any problems or dissatisfaction with any of our Services is to discontinue your use of our Services.

10.3 Any additional legal rights which you may have as a consumer remain unaffected by these terms.

11 Intellectual Property

11.1 You acknowledge that all copyright, trade marks, and other intellectual property rights in and relating to our Services (other than Content which is contributed and owned by users) is owned by or licensed to us.

11.2 Whilst you are in compliance with these terms, we grant you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, personal, revocable limited licence to access and/or use our Services (but not any related object and source code) for your own personal private use, in each case provided that such use is in accordance with these terms. You agree not to use our Services for anything else. These terms also apply to any update or patches which we may release or make available for any of the Services and any such update or patch shall be deemed part of the Services for the purposes of these terms.

11.3 YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT, OTHER THAN LICENSE GRANTED TO YOU BY THESE TERMS, YOU SHALL HAVE NO OWNERSHIP OR PROPERTY INTEREST IN ANY OF OUR SERVICES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ONLINE ACCOUNTS. You must not copy, distribute, make available to the public or create any derivative work from our Services or any part of our Services unless we have first agreed to this in writing.

11.4 In particular, and without limiting the application of paragraph 11.3, you must not make use or available any cheats or technological measures designed to control access to, or elements of, our Services, including providing access to any Subscription, whether on a free of charge basis or otherwise.

11.5 By submitting Content (as defined in paragraph 5.3) via our Services you grant us the possibility to automatically or manually process and read the Content in order to provide you our Service. We may also share the Content with Third-Parties in the sole goal of providing you the Service you expect. In particular, we shall under no circumstance make this content available to any other Third Party in the purpose of advertising or any other commercial use.

12 Privacy

12.1 SMail collects, processes, uses and shares your personal information in accordance with our Privacy Policy and as set out in these terms. By downloading and/or accessing our Services, you give your consent to us collecting, processing, using and sharing your personal data in this way. If you do not agree to our Privacy Policy you should not download or access our Services.

12.2 Any personal information that we may collect may also be subject to the policy of any social network that you may agree to link our Services to. If you access our Services and you allow them to interact with a social network you are giving us permission to use your email address and any other personal information which that social network shares with us that will allow us to personally identify you. If you do not agree to these practices you should not allow our Services to interact with your social network.

12.3 We may use cookies or similar technologies (such as HTML5 Local Storage) to store certain types of information each time you use our Services. They may for example be used to help us recognise your computer and to ensure that your account is accessed by the person that inputs the correct username and password for that account. You can find out more about how we use cookies and other similar technologies by reading our Privacy Policy.

12.4 This paragraph 13 shall not affect the provisions of paragraphs 20 and 21 which shall take precedence over this paragraph 13.

14 Links

14.1 We may link to third party websites or services from our Services. You understand that we make no promises regarding any content, goods or services provided by such third parties and we do not endorse the same. We are also not responsible to you in relation to any losses or harm caused by such third parties. Any charges you incur in relation to those third parties are your responsibility. You understand that when you provide data to such third parties you are providing it in accordance with their privacy policy (if any) and our own privacy policy does not apply in relation to that data.

15 Entire agreement

15.1 These terms set out the entire agreement between you and us concerning our Services (as defined in paragraph 1) and they replace all earlier agreements and understandings between you and us.

16 Changes to these terms

16.1 You can find these terms at any time by visiting www.smail.rocks/terms-of-service.

16.2 We reserve the right to update these terms from time to time by posting the updated version at that address. We may do so for a number of reasons including without limitation because we change the nature of our products or services, for technical or legal reasons, or because the needs of our business have changed. You agree that if you do not accept any amendment to our terms then you shall immediately stop accessing and/or using our Services.

17 Severability

17.1 If any part of these terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable under any applicable local laws or by an applicable court, that part shall be interpreted in a manner consistent with applicable law to reflect as nearly as possible our original intentions and the remainder of these terms shall remain valid and enforceable. If it is not possible to interpret an invalid or unenforceable part of these terms in a manner consistent with applicable law, then that part shall be deemed deleted from these terms without affecting the remaining provisions of these terms.

18 Waivers of our rights

19.1 Our failure to exercise or enforce any of our rights under these terms does not waive our right to enforce such right. Any waiver of such rights shall only be effective if it is in writing and signed by us.

20 Complaints and dispute resolution

20.1 Most concerns can be solved quickly by contacting us at smail.app.rocks@gmail.com.

20.2 In the unlikely event that we cannot solve your concern and you wish to bring legal action against us these terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of The Netherlands.


21. JURISDICTION AND APPLICABLE LAW

Our Services are made available subject to these terms. This section explains which laws apply to these terms.

21.2 For residents in the Rest of the World. If you are resident outside the United States, then you are contracting with SMail whose address is Kolfschotenstraat 34, 1104 PA, Amsterdam and the laws of The Netherlands shall govern the interpretation of these terms and apply to claims for breach of it, without reference to conflict of laws principles. All other claims, including claims regarding consumer protection laws, unfair competition laws, and claims in negligence and tort, will be subject to the laws of the country in which you are resident. If there is a dispute between us regarding these Terms of Use, then that dispute will be subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of The Netherlands unless the law in your country of residence allows you to choose the courts of that country for the dispute in question.


22 Questions about these terms

22.1 If you have any questions about these terms or our Services you may contact us by email at smail.app.rocks@gmail.com.

These terms were last updated on 24.01.2018.